Hello everyone, I'm Ajit from Dito Insurance.
Today we'll talk about a legacy insurance
company.  That's why
many people get suspicious when they see IICI
.  So, to be honest, it's true that the claim
settlement ratio is low
.  So the claim
settlement ratio has
been 85% on average for the last three years.  This means that out of
every 100 claims, 85 claims are being
settled.  So if we compare this with
companies like HDFC Ergo or Aditya Birla,
we find that HDFC Ergo
has a claim settlement ratio of 98% on average and Aditya Birla
has 95%.  But the story doesn't stop there.  In this
video, we will cover ICAI Lombard Plans in
detail.  Elevate Max
Protect Activate Booster and
Advantage So let's dive in so the first
plan IICI Lombard Elevate Plan
This plan has received a lot of attention in the last one year
.  Because this policy
offers a lot of features and flexibility.  First of all, we
have room rent restrictions.  We
can only choose up to a single private room.  If not,
we can upgrade it by taking it online.
So after upgrading, we won't have
any room rent restrictions
.  There are no such restrictions as co-payment disease-wise sub-limits. And if we
look at pre- and post-hospitalization coverage, we have
pre-hospitalization, which means that the
expenses incurred before we are hospitalized are covered for up to 90 days
.  And
this coverage will be extended for up to 180 days after discharge.  So
you can consider this as top tier coverage in the industry.  And along with that,
we also provide basic features like day care, home
care, Ayush treatments, etc.
up to Samsart full coverage
.  Along with this, we are
provided with some special features in this policy.  So if we look at those special
features, First Gem Start
means that we are provided with coverage for certain lifestyle medical
conditions like asthma, diabetes, and blood pressure, starting from 30 days, without having to serve a three-
year pre-existing disease
waiting period
.  If we take this Yed On,
and if there is no surrogacy, they
are also providing coverage like Oocyte, up to 5 locks, which is a
very rare benefit. Most of the
insurance plans provide such coverage
.  In addition to these, we
also have an option called Infinite Care.
So if we take this YAD ON,
we will be able to claim as much as we want, once in our lifetime, without any limit of up to the sum insured
.  So
for example, if I have 10 lakhs
sum insured but my claim is 50
lakhs, I
can claim it with this rider.  So
along with these, they are also providing us with some other add-ons
.  First thing is
maternity cover, so we get covered for delivery
expenses and newborn
expenses.
With this addition, we get next inflation
protection, so
our cover amount increases year on year depending on how much inflation is registered in India. We
also provide consumables cover.  So, things like cotton,
syringes, PP kits, etc. will be covered by the insurance company without you having to
pay out of pocket
.  So,
along with these, there are many other addons
available.  Which is making this
policy very very flexible for us
so if you want a good policy with the
most amount of customizability then
you can definitely consider this policy
from IIC Lombok so the next
plan we are going to look at is the Max Protect
plan so in that too we are going to discuss the Max Protect
premium variant
.  So the highlight of this policy is that it
provides coverage ranging from Rs 1 crore to Rs 10 crores.  In
addition, we also have the unlimited option.   This
means that even if we receive more than 10 crores of bells, we are still
providing coverage
.  There are no restrictions like room rent,
but they
don't provide us with sweet room categories.  We also have a small drawback in this policy
.  What is zone-
based co-payment?  If I need to undergo treatment
in a higher category zone other than the one I have chosen,
I will have to pay for it myself.  This means that I have to
split the bill with the insurance company,
up to a percentage,
maybe 20%, if I pay, the insurance
company will pay 80%, for example.
So in addition to this, we
also have very decent pre- and post-hospitalization coverage
.  We are provided coverage 60 days before admission and 180
days after discharge
.  And modern
treatments are being provided to us with coverage up to 1
crore.
And along with that, they are providing unlimited restoration
.  So no matter how many
times we use the cover amount, the
cover amount will be refilled for us in the same year. For example,
I have a 1 crore cover amount plan
.
Even after I use this 1 crore, they will refill me with 1 crore again in the same year
.  For my second
hospitalization.  These refills are
done for us unlimited times
in this plan and the health checkup benefit is
also very good. They are providing us with a health checkup benefit of up to 10,000 per year.
And
there's a 20% loyalty bonus on top of that.  This means that whether we
claim or not, we will be given
20% of our base
sum insured as a bonus every year when we renew.
So if I take a cover amount of 1 crore, by the
time I renew,
I will have a base cover amount of 1 crore
and a bonus of 20 lakhs
.  So this bonus is being provided to you in the amount of up to 100%
of your base
.  And the
unique selling point of this policy is that it provides
us with worldwide coverage
.  This means that even if we have to undergo emergency or
planned treatments abroad, that is, in
any foreign
country, we are being
provided with up to 3 crores
.  However, if we want to use this benefit, the
first thing
we need to do is to become an Indian resident when we take out the policy
.  This
worldwide coverage is being provided only to them
.  On top of that, it's only 45
days per trip, meaning I only have this coverage for the
first 45 days after I go abroad,
and
only 90 days of coverage throughout the year.  So,
you can consider this plan for those who want a high sum insured and global coverage.  So the
next plan we're going to look at is Health
Advantage.  So this was IICID's flagship
product before the launch of Elevate
.  So this policy also does not lack anything for us
.  So if we look at the coverage,
we are providing coverage from 5 lakhs to 3 crores
.  And some
insured options. There is no
room rent restriction for those who have taken more than 20 locks.
We
can select any room we want.
And in this policy too, we
have an unlimited restoration option.  And the bonus is also
20% up to 100% bonus.
On top of that, we
have a health checkup benefit of up to 10,000.  And along with these features,
we are also provided with maternity coverage
.  After two years, if there
are no delivery-related complications,
we are also providing coverage for newborns up to 90 days
within the maternity limit
.  In addition, we
also have a buffet OPD on site.  So
with this add-on, we are being provided with doctor consultations,
even physiotherapy if we don't have a pharmacy, all of these
on a cashless basis
.  And global
coverage is also provided to us in
this policy for those who have taken summons of more than 25 lakhs
.  So the next
plan we are going to look at is the IIC Lambat Super
Topup Plan.  So the name of this super topup is
Activate Booster.  So
we do have deductible options in Super Topup.
They are providing coverage options ranging from 3 lakhs to 20 lakhs and up to 3 crores.  In this policy,
we have a room rent restriction, but if
not, up to a single private AC room,
we can take any room we want up to a single private AC room
.
If you want to book a deluxe room or a suite, the
insurance company may
not provide coverage for those expenses.  And basic
features like we have no restrictions like co-payment,
no disease-related supplements, and pre- and post-
hospitalization coverage are also very good.
We are providing 90 days of pre-hospitalization and
180 days of post-hospitalization coverage
.  And in
addition to these, coverage is also being provided for domiciliary cases, which means if we have to be
admitted to our homes in force,
for example during the Covid period
.  And we are providing coverage for treatments
like Ayush, Ayurveda, Unani, and Homeopathy, even if they are
fully
insured
.  So in this policy too,
we have a start-up fee.  So, for
some lifestyle conditions like blood
pressure and diabetes, coverage is being provided starting from
30 days without serving a three-year waiting period
.  And a guaranteed
deductible means that with each renewal,
our deductible will be
reduced by 10% of what we have already paid.  So
overtime,
we can use the super top-up directly without having to pay the deductible
.  So along with these, we
also have some extras.  For
example, if we have to buy something like a durable equipment cover, such as a
wheelchair or ventilator, we
cover it in this durable equipment cover
.  And the inflation-linked sum
insured increment means that
our sum insured also increases every year depending on the level of inflation in India
.  And
there is also the option of room rent upgrades.  But since this is a super top up,
we won't have some benefits
.  For example, there is
no benefit like the Restoration Benefit
here.  So the final suggestion is that ICAI
Lambat has an 85% claim settlement
ratio.  On average
for the last three years.  So definitely
not the highest.  But the compliance ratio is one
of the lowest and most decent among network
hospitals.  And the plans are also
providing very good innovative features.  For example,
Gema Start offers Infinite Care, Surrogacy Cover,
etc. So if you value customization
and want unique features,
ICICI Lombard is definitely worth exploring,
but if a
claim settlement track record is
equally important to you, you can also
explore other insurance
company options.  So if you need additional support to finalize your health
insurance plan,
just book a free call with Dito and
our team will suggest
you the best policy based on your health background, budget, and future needs
.  So the link
is in the description.  And
if you liked this video, please like and
share. For more such content, please
subscribe to Dito Insurance Telugu.
I am Ajith signing of Stay Healthy Stay
Insured.